# CS230

In CS230 - Operating Platforms, we created a software design document for our client, The Gaming Room.
This document demonstrates our ability to effectively work through the design of our software application and communicate it effectively to our client and developmental team members.
The Gaming Room commissioned us to create a gaming application Draw It or Lose it. The game needed to be able to operate across Linux, Mac, and Windows operating systems, using a server-client network. I was able to produce the development requirements well in the documentation, pointing to which operating system would be best to run the server, taking into account terminal commands, cost effectiveness, customer-friendliness, and how much expertise needed to continue to run each system. I found editing the document a bit challenging as the bulk of our reading didn't help answer any question on the document. If I could revise part of this document, it would be the overall recommendations, as I still feel I do not have a great understanding over distributed systems and networks, as well as overall operating systems architecture. 
The user needed information on which operating system would be best to run their application, as well as the most effective way to manage it in the long term. This document helps breakdown the information they need, into which operating system would be most cost effective and best at running in the long term, as well as what each component from storage and memory to the security of distributed systems can do for our client.
I approached this design by first using UML, finding what components the client needed, and then broke each part down into what would be the most effective system and component for the client in this application. 
